# Reference
<!-- DO NOT EDIT: This document was generated by Puppet Strings -->

## Table of Contents

**Classes**

* [`remediate_install::firewall`](#remediate_installfirewall): Configure firewall if needed
* [`remediate_install::firewall::linux`](#remediate_installfirewalllinux): Firewall definition for Linux
* [`remediate_install::firewall::linux::post`](#remediate_installfirewalllinuxpost): Firewall post rules
* [`remediate_install::firewall::linux::pre`](#remediate_installfirewalllinuxpre): Firewall pre rules
* [`remediate_install::firewall::windows`](#remediate_installfirewallwindows): Firewall definition for windows
* [`remediate_install::install`](#remediate_installinstall): Install Puppet remedeiate docker containers

**Tasks**

* [`check_firewall`](#check_firewall): Check if firewall is running

**Plans**

* [`remediate_install`](#remediate_install): Install Puppet Remediate
* [`remediate_install::check_requirements`](#remediate_installcheck_requirements): Check Remediate installation prerequiasites

## Classes

### remediate_install::firewall

Configure firewall if needed

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `remediate_install::firewall` class.

##### `$kernel`

The os kernel like Linux or Windows

##### `kernel`

Data type: `String`



### remediate_install::firewall::linux

Firewall definition for Linux

### remediate_install::firewall::linux::post

Rules to be added at the end of the firewall

### remediate_install::firewall::linux::pre

Firewall rules to be added at the top of the ruleset

### remediate_install::firewall::windows

Firewall definition for windows

### remediate_install::install

@$compose_url
   URL of the Remediar docker compose file

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `remediate_install::install` class.

##### `$install_dir`

Directory where to install Remediate

##### `$license_file`

Full qualified filename of the license file including path

##### `$compose_dir`

Directory where to install docker-compose binary

##### `install_dir`

Data type: `String`



##### `license_file`

Data type: `String`



##### `compose_dir`

Data type: `String`



Default value: ''

##### `compose_url`

Data type: `String`



Default value: 'https://storage.googleapis.com/remediate/stable/latest/docker-compose.yml'

## Tasks

### check_firewall

Check if firewall is running

**Supports noop?** false

## Plans

### remediate_install

Bolt plan to install Puppet Remediate.

This bolt plan

#### Examples

##### Requirements check

```puppet
bolt plan run remediate_install::check_requirements -n localhost
```

##### Remediate installation

```puppet
bolt plan run remediate_install install_docker=y init_swarm=y license_file=/opt/remediate/vr-license.json \
          install_compose=y install_remediate=y configure_firewall=y -n localhost --run-as root \
          [--sudo-password [PASSWORD]]
```

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `remediate_install` plan.

##### `$nodes`

The target nodes

##### `$install_docker`

Flag fpr Docker install. Valid input: 'y' or 'no'

##### `$init_swarm`

Initialize Docker Swarm during installation. This will initialize a first manager swarm node.
Valid input: 'y' or 'n'

##### `$install_compose`

Install docker-compose binary which is needed for Remediate installation. Valid input: 'y' or 'n'.

##### `$compose_version`

The version of docker-compose to install if installation of docker-compose is requested.
Please keep in mind that Remedieate needs version 1.24.1 of docker-compose at least.

##### `$install_remediate`

Install Remediate. Valid input: 'y' or 'n'

##### `$configure_firewall`

Serup a firewall with all rules needed for Remediate. If unsure please set this parameter to no
and do the firewall configuration yourself. Valid input: 'y' or 'n'

##### `$license_file`

Full qualified filename of teh Remediate license file.

##### `Array`

$docker_users
Users to add to the docker group

##### `$compose_version`

The version of docker-compose to install if installation of docker-compose is requested.
Please keep in mind that Remedieate needs version 1.24.1 of docker-compose at least.

##### `$compose_install_path`

Path where to install docker-compose binary

##### `$win_install_dir`

Directory where to install Remediate on Windo´ws systems

##### `$unix_install_dir`

Directory where to install Remediate on Unix systems

##### `$enforce_system_requirements`

Set to true the installer breaks if the system requirements for Remediate are not met.

##### `$noop_mode`

Run apply commands in noop mode. If set to true no changes will be made to the system

##### `nodes`

Data type: `TargetSpec`



##### `install_docker`

Data type: `String[1]`



##### `init_swarm`

Data type: `String[1]`



##### `install_compose`

Data type: `String[1]`



##### `install_remediate`

Data type: `String[1]`



##### `configure_firewall`

Data type: `String[1]`



Default value: 'n'

##### `license_file`

Data type: `String`



Default value: `undef`

##### `docker_users`

Data type: `Array`



Default value: ['centos']

##### `compose_version`

Data type: `String`



Default value: '1.24.1'

##### `compose_install_path`

Data type: `String`



Default value: '/usr/local/bin'

##### `win_install_dir`

Data type: `String`



Default value: 'c:\remediate'

##### `unix_install_dir`

Data type: `String`



Default value: '/opt/remediate'

##### `enforce_system_requirements`

Data type: `Boolean`



Default value: `false`

##### `noop_mode`

Data type: `Boolean`



Default value: `false`

### remediate_install::check_requirements

Check Remediate installation prerequiasites

#### Parameters

The following parameters are available in the `remediate_install::check_requirements` plan.

##### `$nodes`

Nodes to run on

##### `nodes`

Data type: `TargetSpec`



